docs: Update LangChain integration to remove wrong links (#1274)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/integrations/ai/langchain.md

Then we feed the documents into a vector index and answer questions from it.

> This example focuses on how to integrate Apify with LangChain using the Python language,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to integrate Apify with LangChain using the Python language.
```

> but if you prefer to use JavaScript, you can follow the same steps in the [JavaScript LangChain documentation](https://js.langchain.com/docs/integrations/document_loaders/web_loaders/apify_dataset/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use JavaScript, you can follow the  [JavaScript LangChain documentation](https://js.langchain.com/docs/integrations/document_loaders/web_loaders/apify_dataset/).
```

source: https://python.langchain.com
```

LangChain is a standard interface through which you can interact with a variety of large language models (LLMs).
It provides modules you can use to build language model applications as well as chains and agents with memory capabilities.

You can use all of Apify’s Actors as document loaders in LangChain.

> For example, to incorporate web browsing functionality, you can use the [RAG-Web-Browser](https://apify.com/apify/rag-web-browser) Actor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to incorporate web browsing functionality, you can use the [RAG-Web-Browser Actor](https://apify.com/apify/rag-web-browser).
```

This allows you to either crawl and scrape top pages from Google Search results or directly scrape text content from a URL and return it as Markdown.
To set this up, change the `actor_id` to `apify/rag-web-browser` and specify the `run_input`.

```python
loader = apify.call_actor(
    actor_id="apify/rag-web-browser",
    run_input={"query": "apify langchain web browser", "maxResults": 3},
    dataset_mapping_function=lambda item: Document(page_content=item["text"] or "", metadata={"source": item["metadata"]["url"]}),
)
print("Documents:", loader.load())
```

> In the similar way, you can use other Apify Actors to load data into LangChain and query the vector index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, you can use other Apify Actors to load data into LangChain and query the vector index.
```
